Add documentation for addon installation channels (#52)
syseleven/grav-docs-metakube: pages/03.addons/default.en.md

![Configure addon](addon-config.png)

### Installation channels

> For several addons we are providing two installation channels, a "beta" channel and a "stable" channel. Updates and changes on these addons, will always be rolled out first on the beta channel, and one week after this on the stable channel. Within one cluster you can only install either the beta or the stable channel addon, but not both. This allows to test an addon with any custom integrations in a development or staging cluster by deploying the beta channel there before an update is rolled out to a production cluster where the stable channel is used. The installation channel can not be changed while an addon is installed. To change the channel you have to uninstall the addon and re-install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For several addons we provide two installation channels, a "beta" channel and a "stable" channel. Updates and changes on these addons, will always be rolled out on the beta channel first, and one week later on the stable channel. Within one cluster you can only install either the beta or the stable channel addon, but not both. This allows to test an addon with any custom integrations in a development or staging cluster by deploying the beta channel there before an update is rolled out to a production cluster where the stable channel is used. The installation channel can not be changed while an addon is installed. To change the channel you have to uninstall the addon and re-install it.
```
